Merging existing DC docs into 0.1 release branch (#1322)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/tools/digital-currencies/installing-the-dc-demo.md

section_menu: tools
menu:
  tools:
    name: Installing the Digital Currencies Demo
    weight: 100
    parent: digital-currencies
    identifier: digital-currencies-installing-demo
    description: "Digital Currencies documentation describing how to install the Digital Currencies demo"
title: Installing the Digital Currencies Demo
---

This topic describes how to install the Digital Currencies demo, enabling you to trigger flow actions via a web-enabled GUI.

## Summary

1. [Install the prerequisites](#install-the-prerequisites)
2. [Configure Artifactory authentication](#configure-artifactory-authentication)
2. [Clone the Digital Currencies repositories](#clone-the-digital-currencies-repositories)
3. [Run a clean version of corda](#run-corda)
4. [Deploy the Digital Currencies CorDapp](#deploy-the-digital-currencies-cordapp) 
6. [Specify Virtual Nodes for Digital Currencies UI](#specify-virtual-nodes-for-digital-currencies-ui)
7. [Run the Digital Currencies UI](#run-the-digital-currencies-ui)

## Install the Prerequisites

The following guide assumes you have the following prerequisites installed.

* Operating systems
* Java Azul Zulu JDK 11
* Git
* npm
* node (version 16.18.0)

> * gradle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gradle
```

* Docker Engine ~v20.X.Y or Docker Desktop ~v3.5.X

> * Intellij

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* IntelliJ
```

   The User Profile page is displayed.

4. Scroll down and click on **Generate API Key**.

   The message *Successfully generated API key* is displayed.
   
5. Copy the value in the **API Key** field.

6. In the Windows search box, search for *environment variables*.

7. Click **Edit the system environment variables**.

   The **System Properties** dialog box is displayed.

8. Click **Environment Variables**.

9. Add the following system variables:

   * `CORDA_ARTIFACTORY_USERNAME`: Set this to your email address.
   * `CORDA_ARTIFACTORY_PASSWORD`: Set this to the value of the **API Key** field from step 5.

## Clone the Digital Currencies Repositories

You need a local copy of both the following repositories:

* https://github.com/corda/digital-currencies
* https://github.com/corda/digital-currencies-ui

1. Navigate to a suitable directory; for example, C:\Repos.
2. Run the following commands:

  ```
  git clone https://github.com/corda/digital-currencies
  git clone https://github.com/corda/digital-currencies-ie
  ```

  {{<
  figure
	 src="images/cloned-repos.png"
   width=40%
	 figcaption="Cloned Repositories"
	 alt="Cloned Repositories"
   >}}

> 3. If necessary, for each repository, initialise the git repository and change the remote URL so you do not inadvertently push your work back:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If necessary, for each repository, initialize the git repository and change the remote URL so you do not inadvertently push your work back:
```

###  Test Corda Using Swagger

Test that Corda is live by accessing and testing its Swagger UI.

1. In a browser, open the URL:

    [https://localhost:8888/api/v1/swagger#/](https://localhost:8888/api/v1/swagger#/)

    If Corda has started, the following page is displayed:

    {{<
      figure
	  src="images/swagger.png"
      width=80%
	  figcaption="Corda Swagger UI"
	  alt="Corda Swagger UI"
    >}}

To access Corda, you must authorize Swagger:

2. Click the **Authorize** button.

    {{<
      figure
	  src="images/swagger_auth_button.png"
      width=20%
	  figcaption="Swagger Authorize Button"
	  alt="Swagger Authorize Button"
    >}}

   The **Available Authorizations** dialog box is displayed:

    {{<
      figure
	  src="images/available_auth_dialog.png"
      width=60%
	  figcaption="Swagger Authorize Button"
	  alt="Swagger Authorize Button"
    >}}

3. Enter the username and password *admin* and *admin* and click **Authorize**.

   You are now authorized:

   {{<
      figure
	  src="images/swagger_authorized.png"
      width=60%
	  figcaption="Swagger Authorized"
	  alt="Swagger Authorized"
    >}}

4. Click **Close**.

> For the purposes of testing Corda, we will use the CPI endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of testing Corda, use the CPI endpoint.
```

5. Click the CPI GET method to expand it:

    {{<
      figure
	  src="images/cpi-get-method.png"
      width=80%
	  figcaption="cpi GET method"
	  alt="cpi GET method"
    >}}

6. Click **Try it out**, followed by **Execute**.

   If Corda is running correctly, you should see a response similar to this:

   {{<
      figure
	  src="images/cpi-get-response.png"
      width=100%
	  figcaption="cpi GET response"
	  alt="cpi GET method"
   >}}

>    As we have not uploaded any CPIs yet, the returned list of CPIs is empty. If Corda has not started yet, Swagger will return a *TypeError: Load failed* error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   As no CPIs have been uploaded yet, the returned list of CPIs is empty. If Corda has not started yet, Swagger will return a *TypeError: Load failed* error.
```
